Enterprise 1.11.5 release notes (#5354)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/enterprise_influxdb/v1/about-the-project/release-notes.md

[FIPS-compliant InfluxDB Enterprise builds](/enterprise_influxdb/v1/introduction/installation/fips-compliant/).
{{% /note %}}

{{% note %}}
#### Series file compaction

With InfluxDB Enterprise v1.11.4+, InfluxDB can be configured to optionally

> run the `influxd_inspect -compact-series-file` command to [compact series files](/enterprise_influxdb/v1/tools/influx_inspect/#--compact-series-file-) before data nodes are started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run the `influxd_inspect compact-series-file` command to [compact series files](/enterprise_influxdb/v1/tools/influx_inspect/#compact-series-file) before data nodes are started.
```

1. Is the command supposed to have this leading dash?
2. Do we need to add the entry for it in `/enterprise_influxdb/v1/tools/influx_inspect/` before publishing?

Reviewer 2: All the v1 CLI's use single-leading-dash flags. The flag is [already documented](https://docs.influxdata.com/enterprise_influxdb/v1/tools/influx_inspect/#--compact-series-file-) and is formatted correctly because of the old flag style used in these docs (by a previous technical writer). It went out as part of Enterprise 1.11.3. @gunnaraasen The change here is that this is no longer the default?

> Series files are stored in `_series` directories in the
> [`/data` directory](/enterprise_influxdb/v1/concepts/file-system-layout/#data-node-file-system-layout)
> (default is `/var/lib/data/<db-name>/_series`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Series files are stored in `_series` directories inside the [InfluxDB data directory](/enterprise_influxdb/v1/concepts/file-system-layout/#data-node-file-system-layout).
Default: `/var/lib/data/<db-name>/_series`.
```

- If any series files are corrupt, the `influx_inspect` or `influxd` processes on
  the data node may fail to start. In both cases, delete the series file

>   directories before restarting the database. InfluxDB will automatically
>   regenerate the deleted series files when the database is restarted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  directories before restarting the database. InfluxDB automatically
  regenerates the necessary series directories and files when restarting.
```

- To check if series files are corrupt before starting the database, run the
  [`influx_inspect verify-seriesfile` command](/enterprise_influxdb/v1/tools/influx_inspect/#verify-seriesfile)
  while the database is off-line.

> - If series files are large (20+ gigabytes), it may also be faster to delete the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If series files are large (20+ gigabytes), it may be faster to delete the
```

  series file directories before starting the database.
{{% /note %}}

### Bug Fixes

> - Prevent retention service creating orphaned shard files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent the retention service from creating orphaned shard files.
```

> - Address LDAP authentication and authorization issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix LDAP authentication and authorization issues.
```

### Other

- Upgrade Flux to v0.194.5.

## v1.11.4 {date="2023-12-14"}

### Bug Fixes

> - Adds `compact-series-file` configuration setting to optionally execute series compaction on startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds the `compact-series-file` configuration setting to optionally execute series compaction during startup.
```

### Other

- Update InfluxDB to latest commit in 1.11

## v1.11.3 {date="2023-10-12"}

{{% warn %}}

> #### Series file compaction on start-up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Series file compaction on startup
```

> With InfluxDB Enterprise v1.11.3, on start-up, InfluxDB will run the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With InfluxDB Enterprise v1.11.3, on startup, InfluxDB runs the
```

> `influxd_inspect -compact-series-file` command to [compact series files](/enterprise_influxdb/v1/tools/influx_inspect/#--compact-series-file-) before data nodes are started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`influxd_inspect compact-series-file` command to [compact series files](/enterprise_influxdb/v1/tools/influx_inspect/#compact-series-file) before data nodes are started.
```

1. Is the command supposed to have this leading dash?
2. Do we need to add the entry for it in `/enterprise_influxdb/v1/tools/influx_inspect/` before publishing?

> Series files are stored in `_series` directories in the
> [`/data` directory](/enterprise_influxdb/v1/concepts/file-system-layout/#data-node-file-system-layout)
> (default is `/var/lib/data/<db-name>/_series`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Series files are stored in `_series` directories inside the
[InfluxDB data directory](/enterprise_influxdb/v1/concepts/file-system-layout/#data-node-file-system-layout). Default: `/var/lib/data/<db-name>/_series`
```
